Update README.asciidoc (#103597)
elastic/elasticsearch: README.asciidoc

= Elasticsearch

> Elasticsearch is a search and analytics engine capable of addressing many use cases including generative AI. As the foundation of Elastic’s open Stack platform, Elasticsearch centrally stores your real-time data to deliver fast, highly relevant search that’s scalable and production-ready with flexible deployment options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch is a distributed search and analytics engine optimized for speed and relevance on production-scale workloads. Elasticsearch is the foundation of Elastic's open Stack platform. Search in near real-time over massive datasets, perform vector searches, integrate with generative AI applications, and much more.
```

> Use cases enabled by Elasticsearch include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use cases enabled by Elasticsearch include:
```
